=head1 NAME

Metabase::Backend::MongoDB - Metabase backend implemented using MongoDB

=head1 VERSION

version 0.001

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Metabase::Index::MongoDB;

  Metabase::Index::MongoDB->new(
    host    => 'mongodb://localhost:27017',
    db_name => 'my_metabase',
  );

  use Metabase::Archive::MongoDB;

  Metabase::Archive::MongoDB->new(
    host    => 'mongodb://localhost:27017',
    db_name => 'my_metabase',
  );

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This distribution provides a backend for L<Metabase> using MongoDB.  There are
two modules included, L<Metabase::Index::MongoDB> and
L<Metabase::Archive::MongoDB>.  They can be used separately or together (see
L<Metabase::Librarian> for details).

The L<Metabase::Backend::MongoDB> module is a L<Moose::Role> that provides
common attributes and private helpers and is not intended to be used directly.

Common attributes are described further below.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 host

A MongoDB connection string.  Defaults to 'mongodb://localhost:27017'.

=head2 db_name

A database name.  Defaults to 'metabase'.  To avoid collision with other
Metabase data on the same MongoDB server, users should always explicitly set
this to a unique name for a given Metabase installation.

=head2 collection_name

A collection name for the archive or table. Defaults to 'metabase_index' or
'metabase_archive'.  As long as the C<db_name> is unique, these defaults should
be safe to use for most purposes.

=head2 username

A username for MongoDB authentication.  By default, no username is used.

=head2 password

A password for MongoDB authentication.  By default, no password is used.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 connection

This returns the L<MongoDB::Connection> object that is created
when the object is instantiated.

=head2 coll

This returns the L<MongoDB::Collection> object containing
the index or archive data.

=for Pod::Coverage method_names_here

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests by email to C<bug-metabase-backend-mongodb at rt.cpan.org>, or through
the web interface at L<http://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Metabase-Backend-MongoDB>. You will be automatically notified of any
progress on the request by the system.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/dagolden/metabase-backend-mongodb>

  git clone https://github.com/dagolden/metabase-backend-mongodb.git

=head1 AUTHOR

David Golden <dagolden@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2011 by David Golden.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The Apache License, Version 2.0, January 2004

